feedback_text,category,severity
"Tried to reschedule my scan three times over the past two weeks. Still haven't received confirmation. Called support twice and left messages but no one has called me back. Really frustrated with this process.",Customer Support,5
"Everything was smooth from start to finish. The facility was clean",Positive Feedback,1
"Booking system showed my preferred time slot as available but when I clicked to confirm I got an error message. Tried multiple times",App Issues,4
"The scan itself was quick and the technician made me feel comfortable. Results came back faster than expected and the Scan Advisor walked me through everything. Worth every penny.",Positive Feedback,1
"Requested to change my appointment two weeks ago due to a work conflict. Got an automated email saying someone would get back to me within 48 hours. Still waiting. Had to miss my original scan.",Customer Support,5
"Overall good experience. Only complaint is the facility was a bit hard to find - better directions would help. But the scan quality and follow-up were excellent.",Other,2
"Absolute disaster. Showed up for my appointment and they had no record of it. Showed them my confirmation email and they said the system must have had an error. Wasted my entire morning.",App Issues,5
"Pretty good experience overall. Scan was thorough and staff answered all my questions. Would have been nice to get results a bit faster but understand it takes time to review.",Lab Delays,2
"Communication is terrible. I asked a simple question about my results three days ago and still haven't heard back. Had to follow up twice. For the price we pay this is unacceptable.",Customer Support,4
"Impressed with how comprehensive the scan is and how knowledgeable the radiologist was during my results review. Feel much more confident about my health now.",Positive Feedback,1
"The scan itself was fine but getting scheduled was a nightmare. Website kept crashing when I tried to book. Eventually called but was on hold for 30+ minutes.",App Issues,4
"Best preventive health decision I've made. The whole team was incredibly professional and the technology is amazing. Already referred two friends.",Positive Feedback,1
"Very disappointed. Results took three weeks to get back to me despite being told 7-10 days. When I called to check status I got transferred three times and no one could tell me anything.",Lab Delays,4
"Great experience at the facility. Staff was warm and welcoming. Only minor issue was some confusion about parking but they sorted it out quickly.",Other,1
"Tried to reschedule due to being sick and the process was incredibly difficult. Couldn't do it online",App Issues,3
"Everything exceeded my expectations. From booking to results delivery",Positive Feedback,1
"Website said appointments available at my preferred location but when I went to book it said no availability for 6 weeks. False advertising. Very frustrating.",App Issues,4
"Decent experience overall. Scan was thorough but the facility was quite cold and uncomfortable. Staff was nice though and tried to make me comfortable.",Other,2
"Tried to reach someone to discuss my abnormal finding for two days. Left multiple voicemails marked urgent. Finally got a callback 48 hours later. This is my health we're talking about - unacceptable response time.",Customer Support,5
"Cannot say enough good things. The Scan Advisor was incredibly thorough in explaining my results and next steps. Feel so much better having this baseline.",Positive Feedback,1
"Booking process needs serious work. Had to create an account",App Issues,2
"Good experience at the imaging center. Staff was professional. My only complaint is the follow-up communication could be better - had to chase for answers.",Customer Support,3
"Scheduled my scan for 9am. Arrived on time. Waited 45 minutes past my appointment time with no explanation or apology. Time is valuable too.",Other,3
"The whole process was seamless. Love that I can message my Scan Advisor anytime and get quick responses. This is the future of healthcare.",Positive Feedback,1
"Customer service is severely lacking. Sent three emails asking about insurance and never got a response. Finally called and got disconnected twice before getting through.",Customer Support,5
"Really thorough scan and excellent follow-up care. Appreciated how much time the doctor spent reviewing my results with me. Minor issues with the booking system but nothing major.",Positive Feedback,2
"Mixed experience. The scan itself was great and facility was nice. But communication leading up to it was confusing - got conflicting information about prep requirements.",Confusion About Results,3
"Absolutely phenomenal from start to finish. This is what preventive healthcare should look like. Every interaction was thoughtful and professional.",Positive Feedback,1
"Tried to book online but the system wouldn't accept my insurance information. Spent 40 minutes on the phone trying to sort it out. Very frustrating start.",App Issues,4
"Good overall but results took longer than expected. Was told 7-10 days",Lab Delays,3
"Had to reschedule twice due to work emergencies. First time was fine. Second time I got an email saying I'd be charged a fee even though it was more than 48 hours notice. Policy seems arbitrary.",Billing,4
"Incredibly impressed with the technology and expertise. The radiologist caught something my regular doctor had missed. Already scheduled my next annual scan.",Positive Feedback,1
"Horrible communication. Changed my appointment without telling me. Showed up and they said my new time was the next day. Complete waste of time and incredibly unprofessional.",Customer Support,5
"Very thorough scan and helpful staff. Appreciated the detailed report. Only wish the initial booking process was smoother - had some technical issues.",App Issues,2
"Decent experience but nothing exceptional for the price. Scan was fine",Other,2
"This is healthcare innovation at its finest. From the seamless booking to the comprehensive results review",Positive Feedback,1
"Tried to reach my Scan Advisor about a concerning finding for 3 days. Left two voicemails and sent two messages through the portal. Finally got a generic response that didn't address my specific question.",Customer Support,5
"Overall positive experience. Facility was state-of-the-art and staff was knowledgeable. Follow-up could have been a bit more personal but still good.",Positive Feedback,2
"System sent me a reminder for the wrong date and time. When I showed up they had no appointment for me. Took 30 minutes to straighten out. Their system clearly has issues.",App Issues,5
"Exceeded expectations in every way. The preventive approach and thoroughness gives me real peace of mind. Already planning to make this an annual routine.",Positive Feedback,1
"Website crashed three times while I was trying to enter payment information. Finally had to call to complete booking. For a tech-forward company this is embarrassing.",App Issues,4
"Great scan experience. Technician was excellent at explaining what they were looking at. Results were comprehensive. Booking process could be more intuitive.",Positive Feedback,2
"Scan was fine but the administrative side needs work. Multiple emails with conflicting information about what to bring",Confusion About Results,3
"Absolutely worth it. Caught an early stage issue that would have gone undetected for years otherwise. The team's expertise potentially saved my life.",Positive Feedback,1
"Requested to change locations. Request was ignored. Had to escalate to get it changed.",Customer Support,4
"Decent overall but felt a bit rushed during the results review. Would have liked more time to ask questions. Scan quality seems good though.",Confusion About Results,2
"Cancelled my appointment less than 24 hours before due to a family emergency. Was charged $200 cancellation fee with no flexibility or compassion. Will not return.",Billing,5
"Top-notch experience from beginning to end. The level of detail in the scan and results report is incredible. Feel like I finally have a complete picture of my health.",Positive Feedback,1
"Booking availability is extremely limited. Couldn't get an appointment for almost 3 months at my preferred location. For something marketed as preventive care that's too long.",Other,3
"Good experience overall. Facility was clean and modern. Staff was professional. Results came back as promised. Would recommend with minor reservations.",Positive Feedback,2
"No one told me I needed to fast before the scan. Got there and they said I needed to reschedule. Communication about preparation requirements was completely inadequate.",App Issues,4
"This is preventive medicine done right. Comprehensive",Positive Feedback,1
"Waited 4 weeks for results despite being told 10 days. When I called to check status I kept getting transferred and no one could give me a straight answer. Terrible communication.",Lab Delays,5
"Really impressed with the thoroughness of the scan and the expertise of the radiologist. Minor administrative hiccups but nothing that affected the core experience.",Positive Feedback,2
"Scan was good but the check-in process at the facility was disorganized. Waited 20 minutes while they figured out their system. Not a great first impression.",App Issues,3
"Excellent in every dimension. Staff was warm and knowledgeable",Positive Feedback,1
"Tried to upload documents through the portal before my appointment but the upload kept failing. Called support and they said it's a known issue. Why isn't it fixed?",App Issues,4
"Generally positive experience. Scan quality is clearly high-end. Follow-up could be more proactive - felt like I had to chase for information.",Customer Support,3
"Missed my appointment because the confirmation email had the wrong address. Drove to the location in the email and it was a completely different facility. Lost hours of my day.",App Issues,5
"Cannot recommend highly enough. This is healthcare at the highest level. Every touchpoint demonstrated competence",Positive Feedback,1
"Online scheduling system doesn't show real availability. Selected multiple slots that all said 'available' but got errors when trying to book. Wasted 45 minutes before calling.",App Issues,4
"Very professional experience. The scan technology is impressive and the staff clearly knows their stuff. Booking process could be streamlined but overall very good.",Positive Feedback,2
"Fine experience but didn't feel particularly special for the premium price. Scan was thorough and staff was competent but nothing exceptional.",Other,2
"Impressed with how seriously they take every finding",Positive Feedback,1
"Customer service is non-existent. Tried to get clarification about my bill for a week. Multiple calls",Customer Support,5
"Good scan",Positive Feedback,1
"Scheduled for 2pm. Got a text at 1:45pm saying my appointment was moved to 4pm due to equipment issues. Would have appreciated more notice. Threw off my whole day.",App Issues,4
"This is the gold standard for preventive health screening. The combination of technology",Positive Feedback,1
"Mixed bag. Scan itself was great. But between booking difficulties",App Issues,3
"Really positive experience overall. A few small hiccups with scheduling but the core service - the scan and results review - was excellent.",Positive Feedback,2
"Got my results but they were missing key sections that were promised in the brochure. When I asked about it I was told that's 'only available in certain cases.' Felt like bait and switch.",Confusion About Results,4
"Outstanding service from start to finish. Every person I interacted with was knowledgeable",Positive Feedback,1
"Tried to reschedule my appointment 5 days in advance. Was told I'd have to pay a fee. Policy says 48 hours notice but apparently 5 days isn't enough? Makes no sense.",Billing,4
"Decent experience but room for improvement. Scan quality seems good but the whole process felt a bit impersonal. More of a factory than a healthcare experience.",Other,3
"Results portal is confusing and difficult to navigate. Took me 20 minutes to find my actual report. For a company focused on user experience this is disappointing.",App Issues,3
"Life-changing experience. The insights from the scan and the expertise of the medical team gave me a roadmap for optimizing my health. Cannot thank them enough.",Positive Feedback,1
"Facility was cold",Other,2
"Solid experience. No major complaints but also nothing that really wowed me. Good scan quality and professional staff. Does what it promises.",Positive Feedback,2
"Impressed with how comprehensive the scan is and how knowledgeable the radiologist was. Feel much more confident about my health now.",Positive Feedback,1
"Extremely thorough and professional. The medical provider spent significant time explaining my results and answering questions. Felt genuinely cared for throughout.",Positive Feedback,1
"Scan was good but follow-up was lacking. Had questions about my results and it took multiple attempts to get connected with someone who could help.",Customer Support,4
"Very impressed with the medical side. Scan technology is clearly cutting-edge. Administrative processes could use some refinement but overall excellent.",Positive Feedback,2
"Website promised 'concierge service' but I've felt like just a number. Generic automated emails",Customer Support,3
"Flawless execution. From the initial consultation to the final results review",Positive Feedback,1
"Had a question about prep requirements and sent a message through the portal 5 days before my scan. Never got a response. Had to call day-of to confirm.",Customer Support,4
"Generally good experience. Few administrative issues but the core medical service was solid. Would use again despite the hiccups.",Positive Feedback,2
"Results contained obvious errors (wrong age",Confusion About Results,5
"Phenomenal service. The attention to detail and thoroughness is exactly what I was looking for. Finally feel like I have a true health partner.",Positive Feedback,1
"Okay experience. Nothing terrible but nothing exceptional either. Scan was fine",Other,2
"Best healthcare investment I've ever made. The peace of mind knowing I have a comprehensive baseline is invaluable. The team went above and beyond.",Positive Feedback,1
"Tried to access my results online but the portal kept saying 'error loading document.' Called support and they couldn't fix it. Had to wait for them to email me a PDF days later.",App Issues,4
"Impressed with the professionalism and thoroughness. Staff took time to explain everything. Only minor issue was some confusion about billing but they sorted it out.",Customer Support,3
"Scan was fine but the pre-scan communication was lacking. Wasn't clear what I needed to do to prepare. Had to call multiple times to get answers.",App Issues,3
"Everything about this experience was top-tier. From booking to results delivery",Positive Feedback,1
"Scheduled my scan weeks in advance. Three days before",Other,3
"Good experience with some rough edges. Scan quality was excellent",Positive Feedback,2
"Follow-up after my scan has been terrible. Have questions about my results but can't get anyone to call me back. Left three messages over 10 days.",Customer Support,5
"Cannot say enough positive things. Early detection from this scan may have saved my life. The care and expertise throughout the process was exceptional.",Positive Feedback,1
"Middle-of-the-road experience. Nothing went terribly wrong but nothing impressed me either. For the premium price",Other,3
"Very satisfied overall. Few minor hiccups but the core service was excellent. Would definitely recommend to friends and family.",Positive Feedback,2
"Booking system is a disaster. Tried three different browsers",App Issues,4
"Exceptional from start to finish. The technology",Positive Feedback,1
"Scan itself was good but everything around it was frustrating. Communication delays",Customer Support,4
"Absolutely blown away by the quality of service. Every detail was thought through. Feel so much better about my health having this comprehensive assessment.",Positive Feedback,1
"Tried to get my scan moved due to COVID exposure. Was told I'd have to pay cancellation fee even though it was for public health. No empathy or flexibility.",Billing,5
"Pretty good overall. Scan was thorough",Positive Feedback,2
"Results review felt rushed. Had prepared questions but the medical provider seemed in a hurry. For what I paid",Confusion About Results,3
"Outstanding experience. The scan caught something important early. The team's follow-up and care coordination has been excellent. Grateful I did this.",Positive Feedback,1
"Fine but unspectacular. Scan was done professionally",Positive Feedback,2
"This is healthcare at its absolute best. Every touchpoint was excellent. Already planning my next annual scan. Worth every single penny.",Positive Feedback,1
"Communication about what to expect was poor. Scan took much longer than I was told. No updates during the process. Left feeling frustrated.",Customer Support,4
"Really positive experience. Minor issues with parking and facility signage but the medical care and results delivery were excellent.",Other,2
"Mixed feelings. The scan technology is impressive but customer service needs major improvement. Too many dropped balls in communication.",Customer Support,4
"Exceeded all expectations. The team's expertise and the thoroughness of the scan gave me incredible peace of mind. Highly recommend.",Positive Feedback,1
"Worst healthcare experience I've had. Multiple reschedules not initiated by me",App Issues,5
"Solid experience overall. Nothing went wrong but nothing particularly stood out either. Good baseline preventive care.",Positive Feedback,2
"Facility was dated and uncomfortable. For a premium service expected better amenities. Scan itself was fine but overall experience disappointing.",Other,3
"Incredible service from beginning to end. The insights from my scan are genuinely life-changing. Cannot thank the team enough for their expertise and care.",Positive Feedback,1
"Decent scan",Positive Feedback,2
"Very good experience overall. Staff was knowledgeable and caring. Few administrative hiccups but nothing that significantly impacted my experience.",Positive Feedback,2
"Tried to ask questions before my scan about what to expect. Sent two emails",Customer Support,3
"Fantastic experience. The level of detail in my results report was incredible. Feel like I have a real roadmap for my health now.",Positive Feedback,1
"Scan was fine. Everything else was mediocre. For what you pay",Other,3
"Best decision I've made for my health. The scan found something important that would have gone undetected. The team's expertise is unmatched.",Positive Feedback,1
"Had concerning finding in my results. Took 4 days to get someone to discuss it with me despite marking messages as urgent. Unacceptable for health matters.",Customer Support,5
"Good solid experience. Nothing exceptional but no major complaints. Would use again for annual checkup.",Positive Feedback,2
"Website is confusing",App Issues,3
"Excellent from every angle. Professional",Positive Feedback,1
"Adequate experience. Nothing wrong per se but also nothing that made me feel like I got exceptional value for the premium price.",Other,3
"Cannot recommend highly enough. Life-changing insights",Positive Feedback,1
"Got to facility for my appointment. They couldn't find my paperwork. Spent 30 minutes sorting it out while waiting room backed up. Poor systems.",App Issues,4
"Very pleased with the experience. Scan was comprehensive",Positive Feedback,2
"Results were good but took longer than promised. Communication about delays was non-existent. Had to keep following up to get updates.",Lab Delays,4
"Impressed on all fronts. The technology",Positive Feedback,1
"Cancellation policy is draconian. Had legitimate emergency and was still charged full fee. No humanity in their policies. Will not return.",Billing,5
"Generally good experience. Scan was thorough and professional. Some communication gaps but nothing that ruined the overall experience.",Positive Feedback,2
"Expected concierge service based on marketing. Got standard healthcare experience with some nice touches. Not worth the premium price in my opinion.",Other,3
"Perfect experience from first contact to final follow-up. The scan potentially saved my life by catching something early. Forever grateful.",Positive Feedback,1
"Okay experience overall. Scan was done well",Positive Feedback,2
"Really good experience with minor administrative hiccups. The medical side was excellent - professional",Positive Feedback,2
"Portal for accessing results is terrible. Confusing interface",App Issues,3
"Outstanding service. Every interaction was professional and helpful. The scan quality and results delivery exceeded my expectations.",Positive Feedback,1
"Scan itself was good but overall experience was just okay. Too many small annoyances and communication issues to feel great about the value.",Customer Support,3
"This is what healthcare should be. Preventive",Positive Feedback,1
"Tried to get answers to billing questions for three weeks. Multiple calls",Billing,5
"Good experience with some rough edges. The core service - the scan - was excellent. Administrative processes need improvement.",Customer Support,3
"Prep instructions were confusing and contradictory. Got different information from website vs email vs phone. Made me anxious before scan.",Confusion About Results,4
"Phenomenal experience. The team's expertise and the quality of the scan gave me real peace of mind about my health. Worth every dollar.",Positive Feedback,1
"Decent but not amazing. Scan was fine",Positive Feedback,2
"Absolutely exceptional. From booking to results to follow-up",Positive Feedback,1
"Scheduled scan at a facility 30 minutes away. Day before got email saying it was moved to facility 90 minutes away. No apology or explanation.",App Issues,4
"Very satisfied with the experience. Professional staff",Positive Feedback,2
"Middle of the road. Nothing went terribly wrong but nothing impressed me either. Felt like a transaction more than healthcare.",Other,3
"Excellent experience from start to finish. The scan found something important and the team's follow-up care has been outstanding.",Positive Feedback,1
"Showed up for appointment that was supposedly confirmed. They had cancelled it without telling me. Lost entire afternoon and never got apology.",App Issues,5
"Pretty good overall. Few bumps in the road but the core medical service was solid. Would probably use again.",Positive Feedback,2
"For the price paid",Other,3
"Life-changing experience. The preventive insights and early detection are priceless. The team's expertise and care were exceptional.",Positive Feedback,1
"Fine but unremarkable. Got what I paid for but nothing more. Solid preventive scan without the premium service experience.",Positive Feedback,2
"Really positive experience overall. Some minor administrative issues but the medical care and scan quality were excellent.",Positive Feedback,2
"Communication is the worst part. Questions go unanswered",Customer Support,4
"Impressed with every aspect. Professional",Positive Feedback,1
"Scan was good. Everything else was just okay. Expected more for the premium price point. Felt like paying luxury for economy service.",Other,3
"Cannot say enough good things. The scan",Positive Feedback,1
"Billing was a nightmare. Charges didn't match quote",Billing,5
"Good experience with some hiccups. Scan quality was excellent",Positive Feedback,2
"Results portal is buggy and difficult to use. Had technical issues accessing my reports. For a tech-forward company this is disappointing.",App Issues,4
"Outstanding experience. The thoroughness of the scan and the expertise of the medical team gave me incredible insights into my health.",Positive Feedback,1
"Adequate service. Nothing special but got the job done. Scan was professional",Positive Feedback,2
"Perfect experience in every way. Professional",Positive Feedback,1
"Tried to reach Care team about results question for a week. Multiple attempts through different channels. Finally got generic unhelpful response.",Customer Support,5
"Very good experience overall. Professional service",Positive Feedback,2
"Scan itself was good but customer experience needs work. Too many administrative issues and communication gaps for the premium price.",Customer Support,4
"Excellent service from beginning to end. The scan quality and medical expertise are top-notch. Minor scheduling issues but overall very satisfied.",Positive Feedback,2
"Absolute mess from start to finish. Booking problems",App Issues,5
"Decent experience overall. Nothing exceptional but solid service. Scan was thorough and staff was professional.",Positive Feedback,2
"Lots of small issues that added up. Booking glitches",App Issues,4
"Incredible experience. The insights from the scan are genuinely valuable and the team's care throughout the process was exceptional.",Positive Feedback,1
"Okay but not great. Scan was professional",Positive Feedback,2
"Really pleased with the experience. Some minor issues but the core service was excellent. Professional staff and thorough scan.",Positive Feedback,2
"Website says 'rapid response to questions' but I've been waiting 5 days for answer to simple scheduling question. False advertising.",Customer Support,4
"Phenomenal service. The scan technology is cutting-edge and the medical team's expertise is evident. Very impressed overall.",Positive Feedback,1
"Mixed bag. Good scan quality but too many operational issues to feel good about the overall value. Customer service needs improvement.",Customer Support,3
"Best healthcare decision I've ever made. The scan found something important early and the care throughout has been exceptional.",Positive Feedback,1
"Confirmed appointment three times. Still got cancelled day-of due to 'system error.' No alternative offered. Completely unprofessional.",App Issues,5
"Good solid experience. Nothing spectacular but no major complaints. Professional service and quality scan.",Positive Feedback,2
"Expected premium service based on pricing. Got average healthcare experience with premium price tag. Not enough differentiation to justify cost.",Other,3
"Excellent from every perspective. Professional",Positive Feedback,1
"Fine but nothing special. Scan was done professionally",Positive Feedback,2
"Cannot recommend highly enough. The scan",Positive Feedback,1
"Follow-up communication is terrible. Have questions about my results but can't get anyone to respond. Very frustrating experience.",Customer Support,4
"Very satisfied overall. Professional service",Positive Feedback,2
"Scan was good but everything around it was mediocre. For premium price expected premium experience throughout. Got average.",Other,3
"Outstanding experience. The preventive insights and expert care exceeded my expectations. Highly recommend for anyone serious about their health.",Positive Feedback,1
"Customer service is non-existent. Multiple issues throughout process",Customer Support,5
"Pretty good experience. Scan was thorough",Positive Feedback,2
"Too many issues to overlook. Booking problems",App Issues,4
"Perfect in every way. This is preventive healthcare at its absolute best. The expertise and care are unmatched.",Positive Feedback,1
"Adequate but not exceptional. Got the scan done",Other,2
"Really good experience with some minor issues. The scan quality and medical expertise were excellent. Would recommend.",Positive Feedback,2
"Appointment scheduling is a nightmare. System shows availability that doesn't exist. Wasted hours trying to book.",App Issues,4
"Excellent service throughout. Professional",Positive Feedback,1
"Middle of the road experience. Nothing terrible but nothing great. For premium price expected more premium service.",Other,3
"Absolutely exceptional. The scan found something important and the follow-up care has been outstanding. This service is invaluable.",Positive Feedback,1
"Results were delayed by three weeks with no explanation. When I inquired was given vague answers. Very poor communication.",Lab Delays,4
"Decent experience overall. Scan was professional",Positive Feedback,2
"Customer experience doesn't match the premium positioning. Too many friction points and communication failures.",Customer Support,3
"Phenomenal experience. The technology",Positive Feedback,1
"Fine service overall. Scan was done well",Positive Feedback,2
"Best preventive health decision I could have made. The insights are invaluable and the team's care has been exceptional.",Positive Feedback,1
"Portal issues made it impossible to complete pre-scan paperwork online. Had to do everything on paper at facility. Very inefficient.",App Issues,3
"Very pleased with the experience. Professional service",Positive Feedback,2
"Scan quality seems good but operational execution needs major improvement. Too many small issues that added up.",App Issues,3
"Outstanding from start to finish. The scan technology is impressive and the medical team's expertise is evident throughout.",Positive Feedback,1
"Tried to resolve billing issue for two months. Passed between departments",Billing,5
"Good experience overall. Nothing spectacular but solid service. Scan was thorough and professional.",Positive Feedback,2
"For what I paid expected much better experience. Scan was fine but everything else was average at best.",Other,3
"Incredible service. The preventive insights and expert medical care are exactly what healthcare should be. Cannot recommend enough.",Positive Feedback,1
"Okay experience. Nothing particularly good or bad. Got the scan done",Other,2
"Really good experience with minor hiccups. The core medical service was excellent",Positive Feedback,2
"Communication about appointment changes is terrible. Got notified of reschedule via email I rarely check",Customer Support,4
"Excellent experience overall. Professional",Positive Feedback,1
"Scan was good but customer service was lacking. For premium price expected premium service throughout the journey.",Customer Support,3
"Perfect experience. The scan",Positive Feedback,1
"Facility was dirty and poorly maintained. For premium health service this is unacceptable. Scan may have been fine but environment was not.",Other,5
"Decent experience. Professional staff",Positive Feedback,2
"Lots of small failures that eroded confidence. Booking issues",App Issues,4
"Outstanding service. The technology is cutting-edge and the medical expertise is world-class. Very impressed.",Positive Feedback,1
"Average experience for above-average price. Scan was done professionally but nothing about the experience justified the premium.",Other,3
"Cannot say enough positive things. The scan potentially saved my life and the team's care has been exceptional throughout.",Positive Feedback,1
"Had to call five times to get answer to simple question about my results. Each time was told someone would call back. No one ever did.",Customer Support,5
"Very good experience. Some minor operational issues but the scan quality and medical care were excellent.",Positive Feedback,2
"Mediocre experience overall. Nothing went terribly wrong but nothing impressed me either. Expected more.",Other,3
"Excellent service from beginning to end. The scan insights are valuable and the team's expertise is clear throughout.",Positive Feedback,1
"Worst customer service I've experienced in healthcare. Problems at every turn",Customer Support,5
"Solid experience. Nothing amazing but no major complaints. Professional service and quality scan.",Positive Feedback,2
"Too many operational failures to recommend. Scan itself was fine but getting there was unnecessarily difficult and frustrating.",App Issues,4
"Absolutely phenomenal. This is what healthcare looks like when done right. The expertise and care are unmatched.",Positive Feedback,1
"Fine but unremarkable. Scan was professional",Positive Feedback,2
"Really pleased with the overall experience. Professional service",Positive Feedback,2
"Booking system is broken. Multiple attempts to schedule",App Issues,4
"Excellent experience. The scan technology and medical expertise exceeded my expectations. This is preventive care done right.",Positive Feedback,1
"Scan was good",Positive Feedback,2
"Perfect from start to finish. The scan",Positive Feedback,1
"Results took a month despite being told two weeks. Multiple follow-ups ignored. Finally got them but trust is broken.",Lab Delays,5
"Good experience with some issues. Scan was thorough and professional. Administrative side needs improvement.",App Issues,3
"Expected white-glove service for premium price. Got standard healthcare experience with extra steps.",Other,3
"Outstanding from every angle. Professional",Positive Feedback,1
"Adequate but not exceptional. Scan was done well",Positive Feedback,2
"Cannot recommend highly enough. The scan insights are invaluable and the team's expertise and care are exceptional.",Positive Feedback,1
"The Dallas location is extremely backed up. Earliest appointment I could get was 8 weeks out. Website advertised immediate availability - complete false advertising. For preventive care that's supposed to catch things early",App Issues,4
"Staff at the Phoenix facility had no idea what PreventativeScan even is. They kept asking me what kind of scan I was there for. I had to show them my confirmation email. Made me nervous about whether they knew what they were doing.",Customer Support,4
"Smooth process overall. Appreciate how quickly I could get scheduled.",Positive Feedback,1
"Showed up for my 2pm appointment. They had me down for 2pm THE NEXT DAY. I triple checked my confirmation email - it clearly said today at 2pm. They insisted their system was right. I drove 45 minutes for nothing.",App Issues,5
"Excellent care from start to finish.",Positive Feedback,1
"When I arrived at the Miami location the lobby had trash overflowing from the waste bins and the bathroom was disgusting. For a premium healthcare service charging thousands of dollars",Other,5
"Decent experience but nothing special.",Other,2
"There is NO customer support phone number to call when you have issues at the facility. I had a problem checking in and the front desk couldn't help. They said I had to email support and wait for a response. I needed help right then!",Customer Support,5
"Best preventive health investment I've made. Team was exceptional.",Positive Feedback,1
"Paid for my scan in full when I booked online. When I showed up at the facility they tried to charge me again! Took 20 minutes to sort out and they acted like I was the problem. Check your payment systems.",Billing,4
"",Other,1
"The pre-scan emails are completely confusing. One email said to fast for 12 hours",Confusion About Results,3
"Very thorough and professional throughout.",Positive Feedback,1
"I was told my scan would screen for cancer",Confusion About Results,4
"Satisfied with the experience overall. Good value.",Positive Feedback,2
"Still waiting for the partial refund I was promised 6 weeks ago. I've sent 4 emails and left 3 voicemails. Complete radio silence. This is theft at this point.",Billing,5
"",Other,1
"Staff at the San Diego location were rude and dismissive. When I asked questions about the procedure they acted annoyed. One tech rolled her eyes when I said I was nervous. Completely unprofessional.",Customer Support,5
"Solid preventive care option. Would use again.",Positive Feedback,2
"The Boston location is absolutely overbooked. I've been trying to get an appointment for 10 weeks now. Every time I check the portal it says 'no availability for 8+ weeks.' If you're this backed up you need to stop taking new members.",App Issues,4
"Impressed with the technology and care. Highly recommend.",Positive Feedback,1
"Customer support is extremely slow to respond. I emailed a question about my scan 5 days ago. Nothing. Called and left a voicemail 3 days ago. Nothing. This is not the 'concierge service' you advertise.",Customer Support,4
"",Other,1
"After my scan I never got my results report. It's been 3 weeks and I've followed up 4 times. Each time I'm told 'we'll look into it' but nothing happens. I paid $2500 for a scan I can't even see the results of.",Lab Delays,5
"Exceptional service from beginning to end. Worth every penny.",Positive Feedback,1
"Nothing remarkable either way. Just okay.",Other,2
"Website said I'd get my results in 7-10 business days. It's been 4 weeks and still waiting. When I email to check status I get generic responses saying 'still processing.' This is unacceptable for health information.",Lab Delays,5
"Very satisfied with everything. Professional and thorough.",Positive Feedback,1
"The technician at the Houston location didn't seem to know what PreventativeScan was. She kept asking me what my doctor ordered. I had to explain this is a self-referred preventive screening. She seemed confused the whole time.",Customer Support,4
"Good experience. A few minor issues but overall fine.",Positive Feedback,2
"Honestly I still don't understand what the scan is actually screening for. The marketing materials are vague and the staff couldn't clearly explain it either. I had the scan but I'm not even sure what I'm supposed to be looking for in my results.",Confusion About Results,3
"",Other,1
"When there was an issue with my scan at the facility",Customer Support,3
"Pleased with the quality of care. Would recommend to others.",Positive Feedback,2
"The confirmation email I got had a different date than what was in my account portal. I called to clarify and the person on the phone gave me a third different date! Nobody seems to have accurate information.",App Issues,4
"Great preventive care service. Very impressed overall.",Positive Feedback,1
"The Miami location's waiting room is disgusting. There was old food trash on the floor",Other,5
"Average experience. Nothing particularly good or bad.",Other,2
"Staff were unfriendly and seemed bothered by my questions. I'm paying a premium price - the least you can do is be pleasant.",Customer Support,4
"Perfect from start to finish. Cannot recommend enough.",Positive Feedback,1
"The scheduling system said appointments were available in 2 weeks when I booked. After I paid",App Issues,4
"",Other,1
"Was promised a refund for a cancelled appointment. That was 2 months ago. Still haven't received it despite multiple follow-ups. This is completely unacceptable.",Billing,5
"Decent service overall. Met my expectations.",Positive Feedback,2
"The pre-appointment email said to arrive 15 minutes early. Another email said 30 minutes early. The confirmation text said 10 minutes early. Which is it?! Your communication is a mess.",Confusion About Results,4
"Excellent experience. The team was knowledgeable and caring.",Positive Feedback,1
"Okay but not worth the premium price in my opinion.",Other,3
feedback_text,category,severity
"Paid for my scan online weeks ago. Showed up for my appointment and they said I hadn't paid and tried to charge me again. Had to show them my bank statement and credit card statement. Still took 30 minutes to resolve. Your billing system is broken.",Billing,5
"",Other,1
"The scan detected something concerning and I needed to discuss it with someone immediately. There's no emergency phone number. I had to email and wait 2 days for a response. For urgent medical findings this is dangerous.",Customer Support,5
"Very good experience. Professional and efficient throughout.",Positive Feedback,1
"I thought this scan would screen for all major cancers based on your marketing. Found out after my scan it only covers certain ones. Feel misled about what I was paying for.",Confusion About Results,4
"Highly recommend. Great preventive care service.",Positive Feedback,1
"Appointment was supposed to be at 10am on Tuesday. Got a reminder text for 10am on Wednesday. Showed up Tuesday and they said I was scheduled for Wednesday. My confirmation email clearly said Tuesday. This is ridiculous.",App Issues,5
"",Other,1
"The Dallas location is completely backed up. I've been trying to get an appointment for 9 weeks. At this point I'm looking at other providers. If you can't handle the volume",App Issues,4
"Outstanding care and service throughout. Very satisfied.",Positive Feedback,1
"Fine but nothing exceptional for the price point.",Other,3
"Customer support takes forever to respond. Simple questions take 5-7 days to get answered. Unacceptable for a premium service.",Customer Support,4
"",Other,1
"The facility staff had never heard of PreventativeScan. They kept asking if I had a doctor's referral. I explained multiple times this is a self-pay preventive service. They seemed completely lost. How do you partner with facilities that don't even know who you are?",Customer Support,4
"Good solid experience. Would use again.",Positive Feedback,2
"Results took 5 weeks instead of the promised 10 days. Every time I followed up I got vague 'still processing' responses. Be honest about timelines.",Lab Delays,5
"Exceptional service from the team. Highly recommend.",Positive Feedback,1
"The pre-scan communication is terrible. Multiple conflicting emails about what to do",App Issues,4
"Decent experience overall. No major issues.",Positive Feedback,2
"Miami location waiting room is filthy. Overflowing trash",Other,5
"Very impressed with the care and professionalism throughout.",Positive Feedback,1
"",Other,1
"Was told I'd receive a partial refund for a service issue. That was 8 weeks ago. No refund",Billing,5
"Perfect experience in every way. Worth every dollar.",Positive Feedback,1
"I still don't understand what parts of my body were actually scanned. The information provided is vague and when I asked questions the staff couldn't clearly explain it.",Confusion About Results,4
"",Other,1
"Site made me pay again when I checked in even though I'd already paid online. Took forever to sort out and they acted like it was my fault. Fix your payment system.",Billing,4
"Excellent care. Very satisfied with everything.",Positive Feedback,1
"No phone support when you need immediate help at the facility is absolutely insane. I had an issue checking in and we all just had to stand around waiting for email responses. Useless.",Customer Support,5
"Good experience. Would recommend with minor reservations.",Positive Feedback,2
"Nothing special but got the job done.",Other,2
"Staff at San Diego location were incredibly rude. One person made comments about how long my questions were taking. Another sighed heavily when I asked to clarify something. Terrible customer service.",Customer Support,5
"",Other,1
"Boston location is impossible to book. Eight weeks out and still no availability. This is not what was promised when I signed up.",App Issues,4
"Very good experience overall. Professional and thorough.",Positive Feedback,1
"Customer support response time is unacceptably slow. Waited 6 days for a response to an urgent question about my results.",Customer Support,4
"",Other,1
"Confirmation email had me scheduled for 3pm. Portal said 1pm. Actual appointment in their system was 2pm. Nobody can get basic information right.",App Issues,5
"Outstanding from beginning to end. Cannot fault anything.",Positive Feedback,1
"The marketing materials implied this would screen for far more conditions than it actually does. Feel like I was sold something different than what I received.",Confusion About Results,4
"Solid experience. Met expectations.",Positive Feedback,2
"",Other,1
"Results are 4 weeks late. Every follow-up email gets the same generic 'still processing' response. This is health information - delays are unacceptable.",Lab Delays,5
"Very satisfied with the service and care received.",Positive Feedback,1
"Staff at Houston location seemed completely unfamiliar with PreventativeScan protocols. Kept asking questions they should have known the answers to.",Customer Support,4
"Good experience overall. Would use again.",Positive Feedback,2
"Promised a refund 3 months ago. Still haven't received it despite sending 8 follow-up emails. This is stealing at this point.",Billing,5
"",Other,1
"The emails about appointment preparation are contradictory and confusing. Show up and hope for the best I guess.",App Issues,3
"Decent enough. No major complaints.",Other,2
"Average experience for above-average price.",Other,3
"When my scan showed something concerning I needed urgent guidance. No phone number to call. Had to email and wait 48 hours while I was panicking. Unacceptable.",Customer Support,5
"Excellent service throughout. Very impressed.",Positive Feedback,1
"Dallas location completely overrun. No appointments for 10+ weeks. If you're this backed up",App Issues,4
"Perfect experience. Would highly recommend to anyone.",Positive Feedback,1
"Paid online",Other,1
"",Other,1
"Staff were unfriendly bordering on hostile. Made me feel like I was inconveniencing them by being there.",Customer Support,5
"Very good care and service. Highly recommend.",Positive Feedback,1
"Miami waiting room is disgusting. Trash everywhere",Other,5
"Good enough. Would probably use again.",Positive Feedback,2
"",Other,1
"The facility techs didn't know what PreventativeScan is or why I was there. Had to explain the entire concept to them. How do you partner with facilities that aren't trained on your service?",Customer Support,4
"Outstanding in every way. Best healthcare experience I've had.",Positive Feedback,1
"Still waiting for results after 5 weeks. Told 7-10 days. Every inquiry gets a generic 'processing' response with no real update.",Lab Delays,5
"Satisfied overall. Professional experience.",Positive Feedback,2
"Not clear what the scan actually covers. Marketing seems misleading about what conditions are actually screened for.",Confusion About Results,4
"",Other,1
"Customer support is incredibly slow. Simple questions take a week to get answered. For premium service this is unacceptable.",Customer Support,4
"Decent experience. Nothing special but no major issues.",Other,2
"My appointment confirmation said Tuesday at 2pm. Showed up and they had me down for Wednesday at 10am. Complete system failure.",App Issues,5
"",Other,1
"Okay but not worth the premium price tag.",Other,3
"Earliest appointment in Boston is 9 weeks away. Website said immediate availability when I signed up. Bait and switch.",App Issues,4
"Excellent throughout. Very impressed with the care.",Positive Feedback,1
"Pre-appointment emails are confusing and contradictory. Different instructions from different sources.",App Issues,3
"",Other,1
"No customer support phone line is absurd. When I had an issue at the facility nobody could help because there's no way to contact support in real-time.",Customer Support,5
"Perfect from start to finish. Highly recommend.",Positive Feedback,1
"Staff at location were rude and dismissive of my concerns. Terrible customer service for premium pricing.",Customer Support,5
"Good solid experience. Would use again.",Positive Feedback,2
"",Other,1
"Website charged me twice for my scan. Been trying to get refund for one payment for 6 weeks. Multiple emails ignored.",Billing,5
"Very satisfied with everything. Professional and thorough.",Positive Feedback,1
"The facility waiting area in Miami is filthy. Trash overflowing",Other,5
"Good experience overall. Would recommend.",Positive Feedback,2
"Results took 4 weeks instead of promised 10 days. When I follow up",Lab Delays,5
"",Other,1
"I don't think the facility staff are trained on what PreventativeScan is. They seemed confused about the whole process.",Customer Support,4
"Decent enough. No major issues to report.",Other,2
"Nothing remarkable. Average experience.",Other,2
"Marketing materials were misleading about what the scan actually screens for. Discovered after paying that it covers much less than implied.",Confusion About Results,4
"Excellent care and service throughout. Very impressed.",Positive Feedback,1
"Dallas location completely booked out 10+ weeks. Can't get an appointment anywhere near when I need it.",App Issues,4
"",Other,1
"Confirmation email said one date",App Issues,3
"Outstanding experience in every way. Cannot recommend enough.",Positive Feedback,1
"Customer support takes forever. Waited 8 days for response to simple scheduling question.",Customer Support,4
"Good experience. Would likely use again.",Positive Feedback,2
"",Other,1
"Staff were unfriendly and made me feel like I was bothering them with basic questions.",Customer Support,4
"Very good service. Professional throughout.",Positive Feedback,1
"When I arrived they tried to charge me again even though I'd already paid online. Took 30 minutes to resolve.",Billing,4
"Satisfied with the experience. Good care.",Positive Feedback,2
"Promised partial refund 4 months ago. Still waiting. Multiple follow-ups completely ignored. This is theft.",Billing,5
"",Other,1
"Pre-scan emails are contradictory. One says fast",App Issues,3
"Solid experience. Would recommend.",Positive Feedback,2
"Fine but nothing special.",Other,2
"Boston location impossible to book. 8+ week wait times. Not what was advertised when signing up.",App Issues,4
"Excellent from beginning to end. Very impressed.",Positive Feedback,1
"Results are 3 weeks late. Every inquiry gets same generic response with no actual information.",Lab Delays,5
"",Other,1
"Facility staff didn't know what PreventativeScan was. Kept asking for doctor referral. Had to explain it multiple times.",Customer Support,4
"Perfect experience. Worth every penny.",Positive Feedback,1
"Customer support incredibly slow to respond. Takes week+ for simple questions.",Customer Support,4
"Good enough experience. Met expectations.",Positive Feedback,2
"",Other,1
"Miami facility waiting room is disgusting. Trash everywhere",Other,5
"Very satisfied. Professional and thorough throughout.",Positive Feedback,1
"Staff were rude when I asked questions. Made me feel unwelcome.",Customer Support,4
"Good experience overall. Would use again.",Positive Feedback,2
"When issue arose at facility",Customer Support,3
"",Other,1
"Appointment confirmation had wrong date. Showed up and they had me scheduled for different day entirely.",App Issues,5
"Decent experience. No major complaints.",Other,2
"Average for premium price.",Other,3
"Not clear from marketing what scan actually screens for. Felt misled after getting results.",Confusion About Results,4
"Excellent service and care. Highly recommend.",Positive Feedback,1
"Dallas location completely backed up. Can't get appointment for 11 weeks.",App Issues,4
"",Other,1
"Website charged me for scan at checkout. Then facility tried to charge me again. Billing system completely broken.",Billing,5
"Outstanding from start to finish. Cannot fault anything.",Positive Feedback,1
"Pre-appointment communication is mess. Conflicting information from every source.",App Issues,4
"Good solid experience. Would recommend.",Positive Feedback,2
"",Other,1
"Results 6 weeks late. Told 10 days. Follow-ups get generic non-answers.",Lab Delays,5
"Very impressed with care and professionalism.",Positive Feedback,1
"Staff seemed unfamiliar with PreventativeScan protocols and procedures.",Customer Support,4
"Satisfied overall. Professional experience.",Positive Feedback,2
"Customer support response time unacceptable. Week+ for simple questions.",Customer Support,4
"",Other,1
"Staff rude and dismissive. Terrible customer service for what I paid.",Customer Support,5
"Good experience. Would use again.",Positive Feedback,2
"Nothing special but adequate.",Other,2
"Boston scheduling impossible. 10+ week waits. Stop taking new patients if you're this backed up.",App Issues,4
"Excellent throughout. Very satisfied.",Positive Feedback,1
"Confirmation email different from portal different from what facility had on file.",App Issues,4
"",Other,1
"Miami facility filthy. Trash overflowing",Other,5
"Perfect in every way. Highly recommend.",Positive Feedback,1
"Pre-scan emails contradictory and confusing. Don't know what to believe.",App Issues,3
"Decent enough. No major issues.",Other,2
"",Other,1
"No phone support is ridiculous. When problems arise at facility",Customer Support,5
"Very good care throughout. Impressed overall.",Positive Feedback,1
"Marketing misleading about what scan covers. Felt misled.",Confusion About Results,4
"Good experience. Would recommend.",Positive Feedback,2
"Promised refund 5 months ago. Nothing. Multiple emails ignored. This is criminal.",Billing,5
"",Other,1
"Staff unfriendly. Made basic questions seem like huge inconvenience.",Customer Support,4
"Solid experience overall.",Positive Feedback,2
"Fine but not worth premium price.",Other,3
"Facility tried to charge me again after I'd paid online. Took forever to fix.",Billing,4
"Excellent service and professionalism.",Positive Feedback,1
"Dallas backed up 12+ weeks. Can't get appointment.",App Issues,4
"",Other,1
"Results 5 weeks late. Generic responses when I follow up.",Lab Delays,5
"Outstanding care throughout. Perfect experience.",Positive Feedback,1
"Customer support incredibly slow. 10+ days for simple question.",Customer Support,4
"Good enough. Would use again.",Positive Feedback,2
"",Other,1
"Staff at facility had no idea what PreventativeScan is. Complete confusion. How are you partnering with facilities that don't know your service?",Customer Support,4
"Very satisfied with everything. Professional throughout.",Positive Feedback,1
"Confirmation had wrong date and time. Showed up to wrong appointment slot.",App Issues,5
"Good experience overall.",Positive Feedback,2
"Pre-scan communication confusing with conflicting info.",App Issues,3
"",Other,1
"Miami waiting room disgusting. Trash",Other,5
"Decent experience. Would recommend.",Positive Feedback,2
"Average experience.",Other,2
"Staff rude and dismissive of concerns.",Customer Support,4
"Excellent care. Very impressed.",Positive Feedback,1
"Boston impossible to book. 8+ week waits everywhere.",App Issues,4
"",Other,1
"Marketing misrepresented what scan covers. Feel scammed.",Confusion About Results,4
"Perfect from beginning to end.",Positive Feedback,1
"Customer support too slow. Week for basic answers.",Customer Support,4
"Good solid experience.",Positive Feedback,2
"",Other,1
"No phone support when needed at facility. Ridiculous.",Customer Support,5
"Very satisfied. Professional throughout.",Positive Feedback,1
"Results 4 weeks late with no real updates.",Lab Delays,5
"Good experience overall.",Positive Feedback,2
"Facility staff unfamiliar with PreventativeScan.",Customer Support,4
"",Other,1
"Confirmation info didn't match between systems.",App Issues,4
"Decent enough experience.",Other,2
"Nothing remarkable.",Other,2
"Charged twice. Been fighting for refund for months.",Billing,5
"Excellent throughout.",Positive Feedback,1
"Staff rude. Poor customer service.",Customer Support,5
"Perfect experience. Highly recommend.",Positive Feedback,1